Desktop 4.17.1 release notes (#16905)
docker/docs: desktop/release-notes.md

For frequently asked questions about Docker Desktop releases, see [FAQs](faqs/general.md/#releases)

## 4.17.1

> {% include release-date.html date="2023-02-27" %}

Author: Oh it’s actually going to be published on Monday. I’ll update the date, thanks!

> Download Docker Desktop
>
> <div class="panel-group" id="accordion16" role="tablist" aria-multiselectable="true">
    <div class="panel panel-default">
      <div class="panel-heading" role="tab" id="heading16">
        <h5 class="panel-title">
          <a role="button" data-toggle="collapse" data-parent="#accordion" href="#collapse16" aria-expanded="true" aria-controls="collapse16">
            Windows
            <i class="fa fa-chevron-down"></i>
          </a>
        </h5>
      </div>
      <div id="collapse16" class="panel-collapse collapse" role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="heading16">
        <div class="panel-body">
          <a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://desktop.docker.com/win/main/amd64/Docker%20Desktop%20Installer.exe?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs-driven-download-win-amd64" role="button">Download file</a> 
        <br>
        <br>

>         <b>Checksum:</b> 

Author: We are still waiting for the checksum here.

        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    </div>
>
> For the latest release of Docker Desktop for Mac and Linux, see [4.17.0](#4170)
 
### Bug fixes and enhancements

#### For Windows

> - Allowed Windows containers to work when BitLocker is enabled on C:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docker Desktop now allows Windows containers to work when BitLocker is enabled on C:
```

- Fixed a bug where `docker buildx` container builders would lose access to the network after 24hrs.
- Fixed a bug where Registry Access Management policy updates were not downloaded.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved debug information to better characterise failures under WSL 2.
```
(based on https://docker.slack.com/archives/C04QCKUKLBH/p1678109131361909?thread_ts=1678105027.819099&cid=C04QCKUKLBH)
